yeah, if you all can walk me through fin placement and cant and toe angles real quick that would be great. I just can't find anything on the net. 

and yes, how and where exactly do I measure fin placement on these boards from? Rail or Back, and Center of fin box or forward part or backwards part. 
Thanks, I don't think I need a bigger board... 

there's just 100 different opinions on the net, but yeah I could use the assistance. Thanks a bunch


6'10 at big nokans? or like 15 foot cloudbreak. Seems like a win. I surfed a 6'6 when it was 10 feet, although I've been on  a 5'8 but could use a change of pace. I was on the 5'8 
in panama at a Puerto like beach, and it was okay, but wasn't great when the waves were 10-12 feet. I'll wait to get a 9'0 until I really see some big mavericks or Puerto or something. 

I may need a custom foil box for this job, and It may need to be wooden with some metal.

I am going to build myself a 5'6 6 channel bonzer with the option to use it as a foil. Can you guys build me a wooden or custom foil box so I can put a single fin in the middle of it to have the option to go foil when the waves are shit and surf it as a bonzer when its great waves? I may end up wanting 4-6 of them?

Also, I need fin placement suggestions
I'm doing a 6'3 step up single concave to maybe like double barrel channel 2+1, mainly for really heavy barrels, (tomo kind of concaves but in a channel for drive and speed and hold)
a 6'10 bonzer for I guess what amounts to apocalypses or aileens or mullaghmore
and then a 5'6 really funky high performance bonzer option and maybe twin fin option?

the 6'10 is the main problem. I want the cluster to be a little farther apart so it turns better but still maintains speed. 

can you help me out with fin placement on these boards. 

I'm going to use cork to seal the boards

but I am also a little bit confused on laying cork in a channel. Should I make the channels subtler and then shape them into a subtly thicker piece of cork?

Idk, I guess it's time for me to get the wood glue out. but anyhow any help is appreciated and let me know what you think. 
Thanks

I want to use a mold to glass, cork and bend the blanks, 

